= Pat

An extremely simple, lightweight way of requesting the Geolocation (lat, long, easting, northing) for any UK Postcode, as well as district and ward details.

= Get information on a UK postcode

Install the gem

  sudo gem sources -a http://gemcutter.org
  sudo gem install pat

Include the gem in your project

  require 'pat'

Request a postcode

  @postcode = Pat.get("N1 1AA")

Use the results (returned as a hash)

  puts @postcode["geo"]["lat"]
  puts @postcode["geo"]["lng"]
  puts @postcode["geo"]["easting"]
  puts @postcode["geo"]["northing"]
  puts @postcode["geo"]["geohash"]
  puts @postcode["administrative"]
  puts @postcode["administrative"]["district"]
  puts @postcode["administrative"]["district"]["title"]
  puts @postcode["administrative"]["district"]["uri"]
  puts @postcode["administrative"]["ward"]
  puts @postcode["administrative"]["ward"]["title"]
  puts @postcode["administrative"]["ward"]["uri"]
  puts @postcode["postcode"]

== Try it out

  irb -r rubygems -r pat

  p = Pat.get("<your postcode here>")

  p["geo"]

  p["administrative"]

== Thanks to

* UK-Postcodes by Pezholio http://github.com/pezholio/UK-Postcodes
* Timely Information Project by Dave Harte: http://daveharte.com
* Adrian Short for the idea http://twitter.com/adrianshort

* Ordance Survey for seeing the light and making UK Postcode data available
http://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/oswebsite/opendata/

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 steflewandowski. See LICENSE for details.
